feat: add `navigation` method (#321)
getnacelle/nacelle-js: .changeset/silver-dolphins-promise.md

---
'@nacelle/storefront-sdk-plugin-commerce-queries': patch
---

> Add `navigation` method to `@nacelle/storefront-sdk-plugin-commerce-queries`: which fetches navigation data from a Nacelle Space.

Reviewer: The fact that it's a change to @nacelle/storefront-sdk-plugin-commerce-queries is already accounted for in the changeset, so we can simplify the language here:

```suggestion
Add `navigation` method to fetch navigation data from a Nacelle space.
```
